OCPBUGS-39126: document how to disable user monitoring with label (#212)
openshift/runbooks: alerts/cluster-monitoring-operator/PrometheusOperatorRejectedResources.md

    secret key reference in the `ServiceMonitor` or `PodMonitor`
    configuration.

> When the alert is triggered by an object managed by a 3rd-party operator, it

Reviewer: nit: Let’s choose between `object` and `resource` and stick to one term for consistency?

might not be possible to fix the root cause. The resolution will depend on the
status of the operator:

- The operator is a certified Red Hat operator.
  - If the operator is installed in the `openshift-operators` namespace, it

>     should removed and installed in a different namespace because

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    should be removed and installed in a different namespace because
```

    `openshift-operators` might contain community operators which don't have
    the same level of support.

>   - If the operator documentation requires adding the
>     `openshift.io/cluster-monitoring: "true"` label to the operator's namespace
>     during the installation, ensure that the label exists.

Reviewer: Maybe
```suggestion
  - If the operator is deployed in another namespace than `openshift-operators` and the documentation requires adding the
    `openshift.io/cluster-monitoring: "true"` label to that namespace
    during the installation, ensure that the label exists.
```
to avoid any confusion with `openshift-operators`
